welcome to the man of recaps this is the
mandalorian episode 8 the season 1
finale last episode some storm troopers
grabbed baby Yoda and we begin with them
as I waiting out of town for clearance
they break into a stormtrooper sketch
comedy routine it's actually hilarious
eventually though who comes up but the
robot IG 11 he's been reprogrammed now
from a bounty hunting droid to a nurse
droid here to protect baby Oda but he
could still kick but it takes these
stormtroopers
out now back in town mando and the gang
are pinned down by this new bad guy
Moff Gideon and this guy also has a
hilarious way of talking I would prefer
to avoid any further violence and
encourage a moment of consideration he
gives them the chance to surrender and
calls them all out by name we know Carl
Weathers is grief carga and the girl's
name is Kara dune and he casually drops
the Mandalorians name its den jar in den
Jaron reveals his full backstory to his
friends now we get confirmation that
he's not a Mandalorian from the planet
Mandalore Mandalorian is in a race it's
a cream and we finally see his full kid
flashback without interruption by
smelting hammers and it's basically what
we've assumed that the Empire destroyed
his planet and right before he was
killed by a droid oh he was saved by
some Mandalorians they took him in as a
foundling and raised him as one of their
own
just then man who gets a call from IG 11
riding in on the speeder with a baby
Yoda baby bjorn and he's busting in boom
taking all these stormtroopers out
causing quite a commotion he busts into
the town square and that's a good as a
distraction as you're gonna get
boom and OH kicking his way out there
it's a sweet ol fight scene pew pew all
around mando grabs the big gun that Moff
gideon talked up so much and hubble
starts blasting everyone
Moff gideon though is a badass he walks
right up to mando and shoots him down
then boom blows up the generator ouch
our gang all has to retreat back inside
where they were trapped joy starts
cutting through the sewer grate so they
can escape but man knows in pretty bad
shape he's like believe me I can't make
it carries like yo I can bandage you we
just gotta take your helmet off but he's
like no this is the way no one can see
me without my helmet then they bring out
a flamethrower or a stormtrooper
Oh
Berner I'm out of there but baby Hilda
gets up and puts his hands out boom
blocks the fire throws it back I think I
oh he's so strong and so cute when he
plops down gang escapes but the droid
stays behind a hill man no it's like
don't you take my helmet off no living
thing without my helmet since I swore
crea
I am NOT a living thing oh snap it's
actually happening hey Pedro Pascal face
now that he's a nurse droid he's got
medic stuff and sprays him with some
magic star wars healing dust he's gonna
be okay they're down in the sewers
looking for the rest of mandos
Mandalorian buddies but oh no what
they're all dead but the girl blacksmith
Mandalorian survived she explains that
yeah after they revealed themselves this
stormtroopers came and killed them all
mando fills her in on everything with
baby Yoda and she gives him his season 2
mission by the laws of the tribe baby
Yoda counts as a foundling and is now
officially mandos responsibility to take
care of wait a minute does this mean man
who's gonna train baby Yoda as a
Mandalorian warrior as much as I would
love to see that she's like no I don't
think he's right for it his job is to
protect it and take it back to its own
kind she had some sweet upgrades for him
he gets a mud horn signet symbolizing
that he and baby Yoda are their own clan
of two and it's time he has earned his
own jetpack oh yeah she's not coming
with him her place is here she stays
behind and fights off some stormtroopers
yeah she's gonna be fine
the gang has to escape down the river of
lava there's a little r2d2 droid in
charge of driving it but who wait what's
this oh he's got arms and legs
oh yeah he's like a Venetian poll boater
r2d2 they're getting to the end but
mando uses his heat sensor thing to see
how they're surrounded by stormtroopers
there's no way they can take all of them
in an ambush like that except the droids
got an idea I'll call back to episode 1
he's gonna go self-destruct man knows
legitimately sad he's always hated
droids but this one's proved to him that
he's good but roids like yo there's no
way around it so he walks off into the
lava Terminator 2 style gets out in
front of all the stormtroopers and OH
boom self-destruct
but there's more danger a TIE fighter
flying in its
gideon their weapons can't do anything
against a TIE fighter Carl Weathers
thinks maybe baby Yoda can help come on
baby
do the magic hand thing so their only
chance of survival is mandos new jet
baby
Oh Bamian grappling hook he's flying
around on the TIE fighter he gets a
sticky grenade boom planted on the wing
and boom yeah take out a TIE fighter
single-handedly it's super sweet grief
cargos like well with the Imperials gone
I'm going back to the city and
restarting the bounty hunting guild kara
dunes like yeah I could be a bounty
hunter Aurra with and so once again it's
the Mandalorian and baby Yoda
adventuring through space trying to
reunite him with his own species if
there are any but the wreckage of the
TIE fighter Oh what's this cut in its
way out is that a black light saber
sword
yes moth Gideon survived and he has the
dark saber apparently it played a pretty
big role in the Clone Wars animated
series and I won't deep dive into Star
Wars lore but I could tell you that's a
really sweet sword and that's how the
Mandalorian season 1 comes to an end if
you liked this recap hit that subscribe
button I'm bringing you the best recaps
of TV and movies so don't miss out
[Music]